iteration-01.plan.md, before:

# Team 22
- plan: 2018-10-09
- review: 2018-10-12

# Roles
- Customer: Kyle
- Project leader: Brandon
- Analyst: xun
- Programmer: Arjun
- busniess consaltant: Pablo
- scrum master: Peijun

# Events
- Planning Meeting:
    - In person
    - Plan
    - Initial ideas and the foundation of the project
- Progress Meeting:
    - Online on discord
    - State progress
    - Keep track of every one's task
- Review Meeting:
    - In person
    - Review
    - Determine if goals are met

# Artifacts

- GitHub board/issues
- ...

# Product

## Goals
- To have an working idea of the product that we want to build:
    - What features should we include
        - search/post jobs
        - employee can set the work schedule/interval to receive/reject works
        - user can receive job posts notification if he is available
        - once the job post has been 
    - What the product looks like
        - 
    - ...
- Find the tech stack which we would program our product:
    - Determine the tech stack which most if not all of our group is comfortable with
        - Java/python
    - Platform of our product
        - mobile app(android)
    - ...
- Determine the target users:
    - Identifying our problem
    - To whom that problem affects
    - ...

## Artifacts
- Video
- Live demo
- Build an interactive application prototype that can be used on mobile
- Text/Code

Commit message:

Made some minor changes to iteration-01.plan.md. Cleaned it up, corrected some spelling and added a few lines.

iteration-01.plan.md, after:

# Team 22
- plan: 2018-10-09
- review: 2018-10-12

# Roles
- Customer: Kyle
- Project leader: Brandon
- Analyst: xun
- Programmer: Arjun
- business consultant: Pablo
- scrum master: Peijun

# Events
- Planning Meeting:
    - In person
    - Plan
    - Initial ideas and the foundation of the project
- Progress Meeting:
    - Online on discord
    - State progress
    - Keep track of every one's task
- Review Meeting:
    - In person
    - Review
    - Determine if goals are met

# Artifacts

- GitHub board/issues
- Discord for communication and online voice meetings

# Product

## Goals
- To have an working idea of the product that we want to build:
    - What features should we include
        - search/post jobs
        - employee can set the work schedule/interval to receive/reject works
        - user can receive job posts notification if he is available
        - once the job post has been 
    - What the product looks like
        - General idea and consensus
        
- Find the tech stack which we would program our product:
    - Determine the tech stack which most if not all of our group is comfortable with
        - Java
        - Android Studio/SDK
    - Platform of our product
        - mobile app(android)
        
- Determine the target users:
    - Identifying our problem
    - To whom that problem affects
    - Identifying both user groups, since the app is asymmetrical

## Artifacts
-Iteration-01.plan
-Iteration-01.review
