product.md, before:

 > _Note:_ This document is meant to evolve throughout the planning phase of your project.    
 > That is, it makes sense for you commit regularly to this file while working on the project (especially edits/additions/deletions to the _Highlights_ section).

#### Q1: What are you planning to build?

YOUR ANSWER GOES HERE ...

 * Short (1 - 2 min' read)
 * Start with a single sentence, high-level description of the product.
 * Be clear - Describe the problem you are solving in simple terms.
 * Be concrete. For example:
  * What are you planning to build? Is it a website, mobile app,
   browser extension, command-line app, etc.?
  * When describing the problem/need, give concrete examples of common use cases.
 * Focus on *what* your product does, and avoid discussing *how* you're going to implement it.
   For example: This is not the time or the place to talk about which programming language and/or framework you are planning to use.
 * **Feel free (and very much encouraged) to include useful diagrams, mock-ups and/or links**.

 Our product is a misc. job finding app. We are helping unemployed people and people who want extra money finding temporary jobs and clients getting random tasks done. We plan on building an Android mobile app. Which brings workers and clients without going through a employer. One use case would be a student where they have a free weekend and they are looking for extra cash, they could go turn on the app and find someone that is looking for work without much hassle. Or someone who is looking for a job in their field and needs something in the meantime, they can use the app and, for example, assemble a client’s new furniture they just bought from IKEA.


#### Q2: Who are your target users?

YOUR ANSWER GOES HERE ...
    
Clients:
-People who need odd jobs done 


Workers:
-People without jobs
-People who want freelance work
-People who want extra work
-Students who have free time for work


 * Short (1 - 2 min' read max)
 * Be specific (e.g. )
 * Feel free (but not obligated) to use personas.        
   You can create your personas as part of this Markdown file, or add a link to an external site (for example, [Xtensio](https://xtensio.com/user-persona/)).

#### Q3: Why would your users choose your product? What are they using today to solve their problem/need?

It easy and convenient,

It solves a common issue

You get to pick your own hours

You can save money on odd jobs

No stiff approval process


YOUR ANSWER GOES HERE ...

 * Short (1 - 2 min' read max)
 * We want you to "connect the dots" for us - Why does your product (as described in your answer to Q1) fits the needs of your users (as described in your answer to Q2)?
 * Explain the benefits of your product explicitly & clearly. For example:
    * Save users time (how much?)
    * Allow users to discover new information (which information? And, why couldn't they discover it before?)
    * Provide users with more accurate and/or informative data (what kind of data? Why is it useful to them?)


    Students that have extra free time either on weekends or during holidays would be able to use the app and make some extra cash. People without jobs would be able to use the app to find odd jobs between applying for a full time job to hold them over. People who want freelance work would see this as an opportunity to work their own hours and be their own boss, effectively taking the work into their own hands. For people who need odd jobs done (the people supplying the jobs) this could range from anything like getting help with moving furniture, assembling things , or even other housework. Someone that is looking for extra work but does not want to make a time commitment to either a full or part time job would be able to use this app as an opportunity to find jobs.


----

### Highlights

YOUR ANSWER GOES HERE ...

Specify 3 - 5 key decisions and/or insights that came up during your meetings
and/or collaborative process.

 * Short (5 min' read max)
 * Decisions can be related to the product and/or the team process.
    * Mention which alternatives you were considering.
    * Present the arguments for each alternative.
    * Explain why the option you decided on makes the most sense for your team/product/users.
 * Essentially, we want to understand how (and why) you ended up with your current product plan.

Commit message:

Added more detail to response to Q3, still need edit

product.md, after:

 > _Note:_ This document is meant to evolve throughout the planning phase of your project.    
 > That is, it makes sense for you commit regularly to this file while working on the project (especially edits/additions/deletions to the _Highlights_ section).

#### Q1: What are you planning to build?

YOUR ANSWER GOES HERE ...

 * Short (1 - 2 min' read)
 * Start with a single sentence, high-level description of the product.
 * Be clear - Describe the problem you are solving in simple terms.
 * Be concrete. For example:
  * What are you planning to build? Is it a website, mobile app,
   browser extension, command-line app, etc.?
  * When describing the problem/need, give concrete examples of common use cases.
 * Focus on *what* your product does, and avoid discussing *how* you're going to implement it.
   For example: This is not the time or the place to talk about which programming language and/or framework you are planning to use.
 * **Feel free (and very much encouraged) to include useful diagrams, mock-ups and/or links**.

 Our product is a misc. job finding app. We are helping unemployed people and people who want extra money finding temporary jobs and clients getting random tasks done. We plan on building an Android mobile app. Which brings workers and clients without going through a employer. One use case would be a student where they have a free weekend and they are looking for extra cash, they could go turn on the app and find someone that is looking for work without much hassle. Or someone who is looking for a job in their field and needs something in the meantime, they can use the app and, for example, assemble a client’s new furniture they just bought from IKEA.


#### Q2: Who are your target users?

YOUR ANSWER GOES HERE ...
    
Clients:
-People who need odd jobs done 


Workers:
-People without jobs
-People who want freelance work
-People who want extra work
-Students who have free time for work


 * Short (1 - 2 min' read max)
 * Be specific (e.g. )
 * Feel free (but not obligated) to use personas.        
   You can create your personas as part of this Markdown file, or add a link to an external site (for example, [Xtensio](https://xtensio.com/user-persona/)).

#### Q3: Why would your users choose your product? What are they using today to solve their problem/need?

It is an easy and convenient solution to an issue that a lot of people are facing in the current job market. The app would allow the users to either post jobs that they need done, or help the other users with their posted job and get money for it. The workers in this case would be able to work when they choose to and the customers in this case would get to pick when they are available to get the work done.


YOUR ANSWER GOES HERE ...

 * Short (1 - 2 min' read max)
 * We want you to "connect the dots" for us - Why does your product (as described in your answer to Q1) fits the needs of your users (as described in your answer to Q2)?
 * Explain the benefits of your product explicitly & clearly. For example:
    * Save users time (how much?)
    * Allow users to discover new information (which information? And, why couldn't they discover it before?)
    * Provide users with more accurate and/or informative data (what kind of data? Why is it useful to them?)


    Students that have extra free time either on weekends or during holidays would be able to use the app and make some extra cash. People without jobs would be able to use the app to find odd jobs between applying for a full time job to hold them over. People who want freelance work would see this as an opportunity to work their own hours and be their own boss, effectively taking the work into their own hands. For people who need odd jobs done (the people supplying the jobs) this could range from anything like getting help with moving furniture, assembling things , or even other housework. Someone that is looking for extra work but does not want to make a time commitment to either a full or part time job would be able to use this app as an opportunity to find jobs.


----

### Highlights

YOUR ANSWER GOES HERE ...

Specify 3 - 5 key decisions and/or insights that came up during your meetings
and/or collaborative process.

 * Short (5 min' read max)
 * Decisions can be related to the product and/or the team process.
    * Mention which alternatives you were considering.
    * Present the arguments for each alternative.
    * Explain why the option you decided on makes the most sense for your team/product/users.
 * Essentially, we want to understand how (and why) you ended up with your current product plan.
