deliverables/iteration-02.plan.md, before:

# YOUR PRODUCT/TEAM 22

 > _Note:_ This document is meant to be written during (or shortly after) your initial planning meeting.     
 > It does not really make sense for you to edit this document much (if at all) while working on the project - Instead, at the end of the planning phase, you can refer back to this document and decide which parts of your plan you are happy with and which parts you would like to change.


## Iteration 02

 * Start date: October 09, 2018
 * End date: November 02, 2018 

## Process

#### Roles & responsibilities

- Kyle: Front End Programmer



- Arjun: Front End Programmer



- Xun: Front End Programmer


- Brandon: Front End Programmer


- Mat(Peijun): Lead Front End Programmer

- Pablo: Lead Front End Programmer

#### Events

Describe meetings (and other events) you are planning to have:

 * Initial planning meeting will occur on October 06. This meeting will be in person. The purpose of this meeting will be to flesh out what we want to get done for this deliverable, including coming up with tasks and deciding how far we want to go for this deliverable.
 * Secondary planning meeting will occur on October 13. This meeting will be held in person. The purpose of this meeting is to finalize all the tasks for this deliverable and start assigning tasks. Also meant to catch up members of the team who were not present at the first planning meeting
 * Progress meeting will occur on October 26. This meeting will be held in person. The purpose of this meeting is to check on the progress of the deliverable, see where everyone is at with their tasks, as well as plan what we are going to do with our demo video.
 * Second progress meeting will occur on October 27. This meeting will be held online on discord. The purpose of this meeting is to catch up on anyone who was not able to make the first progress meeting as well as finalize the script for our demo video
 * Review meeting will occur on November 2. This meeting will be held in person. We will go over the app, making sure everything is done and ready to be submitted, as well as recording the video for submition.
 
#### Artifacts

List/describe the artifacts you will produce in order to organize your team.       

 * https://github.com/csc301-fall-2018/project-team-22/projects/1
    * We will use the built in To-Do List and progress tracker on GitHub in order to organize  
    * This list allows people to assign themselves tasks and for the entire team to keep track of the progress of all the tasks as well as contribute themselves to tasks that were not assigned to them if help is needed.
 * Discord Server
    * We will use the discord app the same way we used it for the first deliverable, as a way to communicate with each other outside of our in person meetings. Something we might consider doing is using the voice chat feature of the app in order to hold meetings when not everyone is able to meet in person.
 
#### Git / GitHub workflow
 * How people would work on the repo would either be branching from the repo or forking and cloning a local copy of the repo onto their local machine
 * Any new code that would be added to the master repo would either be merged from a branch or a fork. If there are no conflicts with the existing code in the repo, then programmers can approve the pull requests on their own.
 * In the event of a merge conflict, one of the lead programmers would review the code fragments in question and make the decision which version to proceed with
 
## Product

#### Goals and tasks

 * Describe your goals for this iteration and the tasks that you will have to complete in order to achieve these goals.
 * Order the items from most to least important.
 * Feel free (but not obligated) to specify some/all tasks as user stories.

#### Artifacts

List/describe the artifacts you will produce in order to present your project idea.

 * Artifacts can be text, code, images, videos, interactive mock-ups and/or any other useful artifact you can think of.
 * Make sure to explain the purpose of each artifact (i.e. Why is it on your to-do list? Why is it useful for your team?)
 * Be concise, yet precise.         
   For example: "Build the website" is not precise at all, but "Build a static home page and upload it somewhere, so that it is publicly accessible" is much clearer.

Commit message:

Put more detail into Roles and Responsibilities

deliverables/iteration-02.plan.md, after:

# YOUR PRODUCT/TEAM 22

 > _Note:_ This document is meant to be written during (or shortly after) your initial planning meeting.     
 > It does not really make sense for you to edit this document much (if at all) while working on the project - Instead, at the end of the planning phase, you can refer back to this document and decide which parts of your plan you are happy with and which parts you would like to change.


## Iteration 02

 * Start date: October 09, 2018
 * End date: November 02, 2018 

## Process

#### Roles & responsibilities

- Kyle: Front End Programmer and Planning Meeting Writer

- Arjun: Front End Programmer

- Xun: Front End Programmer

- Brandon: Front End Programmer and Code Reviewer

- Mat(Peijun): Lead Front End Programmer and Review Meeting Writer

- Pablo: Lead Front End Programmer, Review Meeting Writer, Demo Recorder

Each individual is responsible for coding a working version of one or more of the pages of the mockup that was created in deliverable one. In addition, two individuals are responsible for writing up the planning meeting document and two individuals are responsible for writing up the reveiw meeting document. Pablo will record and edit the demo video.

#### Events

Describe meetings (and other events) you are planning to have:

 * Initial planning meeting will occur on October 06. This meeting will be in person. The purpose of this meeting will be to flesh out what we want to get done for this deliverable, including coming up with tasks and deciding how far we want to go for this deliverable.
 * Secondary planning meeting will occur on October 13. This meeting will be held in person. The purpose of this meeting is to finalize all the tasks for this deliverable and start assigning tasks. Also meant to catch up members of the team who were not present at the first planning meeting
 * Progress meeting will occur on October 26. This meeting will be held in person. The purpose of this meeting is to check on the progress of the deliverable, see where everyone is at with their tasks, as well as plan what we are going to do with our demo video.
 * Second progress meeting will occur on October 27. This meeting will be held online on discord. The purpose of this meeting is to catch up on anyone who was not able to make the first progress meeting as well as finalize the script for our demo video
 * Review meeting will occur on November 2. This meeting will be held in person. We will go over the app, making sure everything is done and ready to be submitted, as well as recording the video for submition.
 
#### Artifacts

List/describe the artifacts you will produce in order to organize your team.       

 * https://github.com/csc301-fall-2018/project-team-22/projects/1
    * We will use the built in To-Do List and progress tracker on GitHub in order to organize  
    * This list allows people to assign themselves tasks and for the entire team to keep track of the progress of all the tasks as well as contribute themselves to tasks that were not assigned to them if help is needed.
 * Discord Server
    * We will use the discord app the same way we used it for the first deliverable, as a way to communicate with each other outside of our in person meetings. Something we might consider doing is using the voice chat feature of the app in order to hold meetings when not everyone is able to meet in person.
 
#### Git / GitHub workflow
 * How people would work on the repo would either be branching from the repo or forking and cloning a local copy of the repo onto their local machine.
 * Any new code that would be added to the master repo would either be merged from a branch or a fork. If there are no conflicts with the existing code in the repo, then programmers can approve the pull requests on their own.
 * In the event of a merge conflict, the code reviewer will resolve the conflicts manually. If the conflict is too complicated to resolve with one person, one or both of the lead programmers would also review the code fragments in question and make the decision which version to proceed with.
 
## Product

#### Goals and tasks

 * Describe your goals for this iteration and the tasks that you will have to complete in order to achieve these goals.
 * Order the items from most to least important.
 * Feel free (but not obligated) to specify some/all tasks as user stories.

#### Artifacts

List/describe the artifacts you will produce in order to present your project idea.

 * Artifacts can be text, code, images, videos, interactive mock-ups and/or any other useful artifact you can think of.
 * Make sure to explain the purpose of each artifact (i.e. Why is it on your to-do list? Why is it useful for your team?)
 * Be concise, yet precise.         
   For example: "Build the website" is not precise at all, but "Build a static home page and upload it somewhere, so that it is publicly accessible" is much clearer.
