deliverables/iteration-01.review.md, before:

# Team 22

## Iteration 01 - Review & Retrospect

 * When: 2018-10-12 4pm
 * Where: Myhal 5th floor

## Process - Reflection

#### Decisions that turned out well

List process-related (i.e. team organization) decisions that, in retrospect, turned out to be successful.

- we agreed on the most features in this app
- we agreed on the enviroument(java/android)
- we agreed on the communication tools

#### Decisions that did not turn out as well as we hoped

List process-related (i.e. team organization) decisions that, in retrospect, were not as successful as you thought they would be.

- if we should have 2 interfaces for client/worker or 2 different apps
- more wireframe
- time conflict for meeting


#### Planned changes

List any process-related changes you are planning to make (if there are any)

- we will polish the features(add/delete based on skills)


## Product - Review

#### Goals and/or tasks that were met/completed:

-Rough idea of what we want to build

-Find the tech stack we want to work with (java, android studio)

-Determine target users

-Organize communication and board

 * From most to least important.
 * Refer/link to artifact(s) that show that a goal/task was met/completed.
 * If a goal/task was not part of the original iteration plan, please mention it.

#### Goals and/or tasks that were planned but not met/completed:

-More detailed idea of the app

-Wire frames or mock ups

 * From most to least important.
 * For each goal/task, explain why it was not met/completed.      
   e.g. Did you change your mind, or did you just not get to it yet?

## Meeting Highlights

Going into the next iteration, our main insights are:

-We want to make sure we organize better and stay in contact more. We were all pretty busy outside of this class, 
so we need to make sure out meetings are productive and effective. 

-We want to try to produce more artifacts during our next sprint. We need to start working on the mock ups and 
begin coding. 

-Improve communication, and start using our board and issue tracker more effectively. 

 * 2 - 4 items
 * Short (no more than one short paragraph per item)
 * High-level concepts that should guide your work for the next iteration.
 * These concepts should help you decide on where to focus your efforts.
 * Can be related to product and/or process.

Commit message:

Updated the md files with the new information from the mock-up

deliverables/iteration-01.review.md, after:

# Team 22

## Iteration 01 - Review & Retrospect

 * When: 2018-10-12 4pm
 * Where: Myhal 5th floor

## Process - Reflection

#### Decisions that turned out well

List process-related (i.e. team organization) decisions that, in retrospect, turned out to be successful.

- we agreed on the most features in this app
- we agreed on the environment(java/android)
- we agreed on the communication tools

#### Decisions that did not turn out as well as we hoped

List process-related (i.e. team organization) decisions that, in retrospect, were not as successful as you thought they would be.

- if we should have 2 interfaces for client/worker or 2 different apps. We still are not entirely sure which is the best option. 
-Being better organized and using the board and github ticketing system more are two things we need to focus on 
during the next sprint. We want to make sure we are using the tools we have set up. 
- There was a time conflict for the meeting. Because of our conflicting schedules other commitments, it is 
important to plan out meeting times well in advance to make sure everyone can make it. 


#### Planned changes

List any process-related changes you are planning to make (if there are any)

- We will polish the features(add/delete based on skills)
- We will make sure to plan well in advance
-We will make sure to use the board and ticketing system more


## Product - Review

#### Goals and/or tasks that were met/completed:

-Rough idea of what we want to build
    There is a wire frame mock-up titled "Rough-Mockup" in the deliverables folder

-Find the tech stack we want to work with (java, android studio)

-Determine target users

-Organize communication and board

 * From most to least important.
 * Refer/link to artifact(s) that show that a goal/task was met/completed.
 * If a goal/task was not part of the original iteration plan, please mention it.

#### Goals and/or tasks that were planned but not met/completed:

-More detailed idea of the app

-Starting the wire frames earlier and having them be more in depth

-A more detailed view on our user base. We have a pretty god idea of the user base, but coming 
up with some personas would have been helpful. 

## Meeting Highlights

Going into the next iteration, our main insights are:

-We want to make sure we organize better and stay in contact more. We were all pretty busy outside of this class, 
so we need to make sure out meetings are productive and effective. 

-We want to try to produce more artifacts during our next sprint. We need to start working on the mock ups and 
begin coding. 

-Improve communication, and start using our board and issue tracker more effectively.
