deliverables/product.md, before:

#### Q1: What are you planning to build?

Our product is a misc. job finding app. We are helping unemployed people and people who want extra money finding 
temporary jobs and clients getting random tasks done. We plan on building an Android mobile app.
Which brings workers and clients without going through a employer. One use case would be a student where they have a 
free weekend and they are looking for extra cash, they could go turn on the app and find someone that is looking for 
work without much hassle. Or someone who is looking for a job in their field and needs something in the meantime, 
they can use the app and, for example, assemble a client’s new furniture they just bought from IKEA.

There is a rough mock-up in the deliverables folder titled "Rough_Mockup.pdf". This mock-up is only a rough draft and 
is subject to change and be iterated on during the next few sprints. 


#### Q2: Who are your target users?
    
Clients:
-People who need odd jobs done 

Workers:
-People without jobs
-People who want freelance work
-People who want extra work
-Students who have free time for work


#### Q3: Why would your users choose your product? What are they using today to solve their problem/need?

It is an easy and convenient solution to an issue that a lot of people are facing in the current job market. 
The app would allow the users to either post jobs that they need done, or help the other users with their posted job 
and get money for it. The workers in this case would be able to work when they choose to and the customers in this case
 would get to pick when they are available to get the work done.

Students that have extra free time either on weekends or during holidays would be able to use the app and make some 
extra cash. People without jobs would be able to use the app to find odd jobs between applying for a full time job to 
hold them over. People who want freelance work would see this as an opportunity to work their own hours and be their
own boss, effectively taking the work into their own hands. For people who need odd jobs done 
(the people supplying the jobs) this could range from anything like getting help with moving furniture,
assembling things , or even other housework. Someone that is looking for extra work but does not want to make 
a time commitment to either a full or part time job would be able to use this app as an opportunity to find jobs.

----

### Highlights

1) We had a few product ideas in mind. And we collectively narrowed down the options to the one we were all most 
comfortable with. Our decision process was just a discussion about which product resonated the most with everyone. 
We also got some insight from the TAs to help us inform our decision. 

2) We established our strengths and weaknesses in the group and came up with a toolset, language and api that everyone 
could use. (Java and Android Studio/SDK). Everyone said a list of what they were comfortable with and we chose the
things everyone had experience with. Id we need to add more tools or APIs in the future, we will use the 
same method. 

3) Came up with the asymmetrical general idea for the split user-base. Since we will need to design two separate
interfaces; one for the workers and one for clients. We were thinking of the general idea of our app, and came to 
the conclusion that we will need separate interfaces for it to work. Apps like Uber and AirBNB inspired this decision. 

4) Set up our communication service (Discord) and decided on what organization and ticketing systems we wanted to use. 
We decided to use the issue and board system already in Github, to minimize the amount of software we 
need to keep track of. Discord was a software everyone is comfortable with, and has a decent amount of tools that
can assist with organization and effective communication. 

5)Created a rough wire frame mock-up for the app

Commit message:

Added the info about the interactive component of the mock-up

deliverables/product.md, after:

#### Q1: What are you planning to build?

Our product is a misc. job finding app. We are helping unemployed people and people who want extra money finding 
temporary jobs and clients getting random tasks done. We plan on building an Android mobile app.
Which brings workers and clients without going through a employer. One use case would be a student where they have a 
free weekend and they are looking for extra cash, they could go turn on the app and find someone that is looking for 
work without much hassle. Or someone who is looking for a job in their field and needs something in the meantime, 
they can use the app and, for example, assemble a client’s new furniture they just bought from IKEA.

There is a rough mock-up in the deliverables folder titled "Rough_Mockup.pdf". This mock-up is only a rough draft and 
is subject to change and be iterated on during the next few sprints. The mock-up can be interacted with, 
but it is required that you download the pdf first since github does not seem to handle the interactive components 
of the pdf. 


#### Q2: Who are your target users?
    
Clients:
-People who need odd jobs done 

Workers:
-People without jobs
-People who want freelance work
-People who want extra work
-Students who have free time for work


#### Q3: Why would your users choose your product? What are they using today to solve their problem/need?

It is an easy and convenient solution to an issue that a lot of people are facing in the current job market. 
The app would allow the users to either post jobs that they need done, or help the other users with their posted job 
and get money for it. The workers in this case would be able to work when they choose to and the customers in this case
 would get to pick when they are available to get the work done.

Students that have extra free time either on weekends or during holidays would be able to use the app and make some 
extra cash. People without jobs would be able to use the app to find odd jobs between applying for a full time job to 
hold them over. People who want freelance work would see this as an opportunity to work their own hours and be their
own boss, effectively taking the work into their own hands. For people who need odd jobs done 
(the people supplying the jobs) this could range from anything like getting help with moving furniture,
assembling things , or even other housework. Someone that is looking for extra work but does not want to make 
a time commitment to either a full or part time job would be able to use this app as an opportunity to find jobs.

----

### Highlights

1) We had a few product ideas in mind. And we collectively narrowed down the options to the one we were all most 
comfortable with. Our decision process was just a discussion about which product resonated the most with everyone. 
We also got some insight from the TAs to help us inform our decision. 

2) We established our strengths and weaknesses in the group and came up with a toolset, language and api that everyone 
could use. (Java and Android Studio/SDK). Everyone said a list of what they were comfortable with and we chose the
things everyone had experience with. Id we need to add more tools or APIs in the future, we will use the 
same method. 

3) Came up with the asymmetrical general idea for the split user-base. Since we will need to design two separate
interfaces; one for the workers and one for clients. We were thinking of the general idea of our app, and came to 
the conclusion that we will need separate interfaces for it to work. Apps like Uber and AirBNB inspired this decision. 

4) Set up our communication service (Discord) and decided on what organization and ticketing systems we wanted to use. 
We decided to use the issue and board system already in Github, to minimize the amount of software we 
need to keep track of. Discord was a software everyone is comfortable with, and has a decent amount of tools that
can assist with organization and effective communication. 

5)Created a rough wire frame mock-up for the app
